1. Because IDs and Classes make it easier for developers to apply styles and how they want their webpages to run using css and javascript. Developers are able to select different components of the webpage by using IDs and Classes.
2. I consider data attributes as something similar to the instance variables of a class in programming languages like Java and C++. Data attributes provide a way to assign html elements with values so that the webpage can store data that may be reused at some time later. Data attributes can be accessed in javascript by using dot, such as volume.value. In terms of microdata, data attributes help store them behind webpages so that they can be collected and reused at some time later.
3. DOM fragment is is a document object that contains elements of webpages. It is a lightweight version of document interface. DOM fragment is musch faster than real DOM in terms of appending elements, especially when appending them in multiple places.
4. Virtual DOM is the virtual representation of real DOM. Virtual DOM is a lightweight version of real DOM. Although virtual DOM has faster speed for updating the actual DOM, it lacks the ability to manipulate elements.
5. Because class is the reserved keyword in javascript, using dot class will be confusing, which is why javascript changes class to className so that there does not exist ambiguity.
6. addEventListener is able to handle multiple events in a single DOM element, which is very efficient. It also makes specific events controllable by developers since it is gathered in one DOM element. onClick is more simple and readable, which is beneficial if there are multiple developers who can easily understand the code. Also, onClick is very convenient in terms of being separate with other elements, so changing onClick will directly reflect on the webpage.